MICROWAVE GLUTEN-FREE + VEGAN MAC & CHEESE FOR ONE

  INGREDIENTS
    ½ Cup Gluten-Free Pasta
    ½ Cup Water
    ¼ Cup Carrot Puree
    2 TB Nutritional Yeast
    ½ Tsp Yellow Mustard
    ½ Tsp Turmeric
    ¼ Tsp Onion Powder
    Ketchup (optional)

  INSTRUCTIONS
    In a microwave safe bowl, combine the pasta and water.
    Microwave on high for 2 minutes, stir, and cook another 2 minutes until the water is mostly absorbed.
    Now add the carrot, nutritional yeast, mustard, and spices. Mix well to combine.
    Microwave again for 2-3 more minutes.
    Mix, top with ketchup, and devour!

  SERVING SIZE: 1

  TOTAL TIME
    6 mins



VEGGIE WRAP WITH APPLES AND SPICY HUMMUS

  INGREDIENTS
    1 tortilla (your favorite) (gluten free, if desired)
    3-4 tbsp Spicy Hummus (or use your favorite store bought hummus and mix it with a few tbsp of salsa)
    A few leaves of romaine lettuce or fresh spinach (or the leafy green of your choice)
    1/2 cup broccoli slaw
    1/4 apple (sliced thin)
    2 tsp dairy free plain unsweetened yogurt
    1/2 tsp fresh lemon juice
    salt & pepper (to taste)

  INSTRUCTIONS
    Mix the yogurt and lemon juice with the broccoli slaw. Add a dash of salt and pepper, to taste, and mix well. Set aside.
    Lay tortilla flat.
    Spread spicy hummus all over the tortilla.
    Lay down the lettuce on top of the spicy hummus.
    On one half, pile the broccoli slaw over the lettuce.
    Place the apple slices on top of the slaw.
    Fold up the sides of the tortilla and then, starting with the end that has the slaw and apples, roll tightly.
    Cut in half and enjoy!

  SERVING SIZE: 1

  TOTAL TIME
    10 mins


QUICK CHOCOLATE CHERRY OATMEAL

  INGREDIENTS
    1/2 cup dry old fashioned oats*
    1 cup water
    1 small or medium banana
    2-3 Tbsp. hemp seeds or wheat germ*
    1 Tbsp. unsweetened dark cocoa powder
    1/2 tsp. ground cinnamon
    1/4 cup plant milk or more to taste
    3/4 cup frozen cherries
    2 Tbsp. chopped nuts pecans, walnuts or almonds are nice

  INSTRUCTIONS
    Place frozen cherries in a small microwave-safe bowl and cook on high for 30 seconds. Stir and cook on high for another 30 seconds and      then set aside.
    Mash banana with a fork in a large microwave-safe bowl.
    Add oats, water, hemp seeds (or wheat germ), cocoa powder and cinnamon to the bowl and stir to mix.
    Microwave bowl of oats on high for approximately 4 minutes. (Make sure bowl is large enough that oatmeal will not spill when it expands     during cooking.)
    Remove cooked oats from microwave and stir in 1/4 cup or more of plant milk (I use rice milk) to reach desired consistency.
    Spoon warmed cherries over the top - include some of the cherry juice if desired.
    Sprinkle with nuts and enjoy.

  SERVING SIZE: 1

  TOTAL TIME
     10 minutes
