

  INGREDIENTS
    1 (5 ounce) can chicken chunks, drained
    1 (4 ounce) can diced green chiles
    1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of mushroom soup
    2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
    2 tablespoons dried minced onion
    salt and pepper to taste
    1 1/4 cups water
    2 cups instant rice

  INSTRUCTIONS
    -In a large bowl, combine the chicken, chiles, soup, cheese, onions, salt, pepper and water and pour the mixture into a microwave safe      9x13 inch casserole dish.
    -Add the rice. The mixture should be the consistency of soupy pancake batter.
    -Cover the dish with a lid or plastic wrap and microwave for about 15 minutes (depending on the microwave). Serve with mexicorn and green   salad if desired.

  SERVING SIZE: 1

  TOTAL TIME: 15 min



Microwaved Parmesan Chicken
  INGREDIENTS
    2 boneless skinless chicken breast halves (4 ounces each)
    4 teaspoons reduced-sodium soy sauce
    1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
    1/8 teaspoon pepper
    1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
    1 teaspoon butter

  INSTRUCTIONS
    -Place chicken in a microwave-safe dish. Top with soy sauce, garlic powder and pepper. Sprinkle with cheese and dot with butter. Cover      and cook on high for 4-5 minutes or until a thermometer reads 170°.

  SERVING SIZE: 2

  TOTAL TIME: 10 min



2-Minute French Toast in A Cup

  INGREDIENTS
    1 or 2 slices of bread, cubed (just fill your cup to overflowing a bit)
    1 tbls butter
    1 egg
    3 tbls milk
    Dash cinnamon
    Drop of vanilla extract (optional)

  INSTRUCTIONS
    -Cube bread.
    -Melt butter in cup for a few seconds in your microwave. Swoosh it around the cup.
    -Add bread to the cup.
    -In a separate cup, combine the egg, milk, cinnamon, and vanilla. Stir.
    -Pour the liquid over the bread. Smoosh it a little and allow the liquid to soak into the bread.
    -Microwave. Start with one minute, then add ten seconds at a time until it’s cooked to your liking (no runny eggs). In my microwave          that’s 1 minute, 20 seconds.
    -Add syrup if desired. Eat!

  SERVING SIZE: 1

  TOTAL TIME: 7 min
